capital = 829
oob = "COL_1936"
set_technology = {
	# Base Latin American Tech
	basic_train = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		# Base Latin American Tech
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			# Base Latin American Tech
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_submarine = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}


recruit_character = COL_alfonso_lópez_pumarejo
recruit_character = COL_mariano_ospina_pérez
recruit_character = COL_gustavo_rojas_pinilla
recruit_character = COL_david_de_vidal
recruit_character = COL_isidoro_sotomayor
recruit_character = COL_eduardo_poirier_escobar
recruit_character = COL_luis_bernardo_andrade
recruit_character = COL_luis_rodriguez
recruit_character = COL_luis_acevedo
recruit_character = COL_enrico_diaz_carias
recruit_character = COL_guillermo_padilla_manrique
recruit_character = COL_gabriel_paris_gordillo
recruit_character = COL_mauricio_soto_gomez
recruit_character = COL_salvador_tiaga_gonzalez
recruit_character = COL_querista_sellor
recruit_character = COL_camilo_daza_alvarez
recruit_character = COL_manuel_quinones
recruit_character = COL_german_olano_moreno
recruit_character = COL_ruben_piedrahita_arango
recruit_character = COL_jose_ellis_quinsado
recruit_character = COL_m_e_rojas_de_moreno
recruit_character = COL_raphael_hollmann
recruit_character = COL_jorge_lopez_suyo
set_convoys = 5
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.2.11"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 99
	communism = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	agrarian_economy
}
