capital = 488
oob = "IJA_1936"
set_stability = 0.62
set_war_support = 0.1
set_research_slots = 4
set_technology = {
	# Japanese Tech
	base_strike = 1
	basic_train = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	marines = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "IJA_1936_naval_MTG"
	set_technology = {
		# Japanese Tech
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		cruiser_submarines = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		improved_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		improved_ship_hull_light = 1
		improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "IJA_1936_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			# Japanese Tech
			basic_battleship = 1
			basic_carrier = 1
			basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
			basic_submarine = 1
			early_battlecruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			early_carrier = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_submarine = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "IJA_1936"
	set_technology = {
		# Japanese Tech
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_oob = "IJA_1936"
		set_technology = {
			# Japanese Tech
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		# Japanese Tech
		aa_lmg = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			# Japanese Tech
			early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
		}
	}
}

create_faction = IJA_greater_east_asian_co_prosperity_sphere
set_convoys = 200
add_ideas = {
	advanced_production_centers
	IJA_IJA_Ambitions_idea
	Chohei_conscription
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 0
}

recruit_character = IJA_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = IJA_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = IJA_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = IJA_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = IJA_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = IJA_akira_muto
recruit_character = IJA_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = IJA_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = IJA_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = IJA_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = IJA_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = IJA_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = IJA_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = IJA_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = IJA_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = IJA_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = IJA_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = IJA_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = IJA_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = IJA_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = IJA_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = IJA_sadao_araki
recruit_character = IJA_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = IJA_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = IJA_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = IJA_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = IJA_jo_iimura
recruit_character = IJA_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = IJA_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = IJA_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = IJA_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = IJA_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = IJA_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = IJA_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = IJA_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = IJA_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = IJA_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = IJA_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = IJA_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = IJA_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = IJA_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = IJA_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = IJA_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = IJA_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = IJA_korechika_anami
recruit_character = IJA_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = IJA_minoru_genda
recruit_character = IJA_tateo_kato
recruit_character = IJA_osami_nagano
recruit_character = IJA_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = IJA_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = IJA_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = IJA_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = IJA_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = IJA_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = IJA_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = IJA_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = IJA_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = IJA_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = IJA_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = IJA_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = IJA_takuo_godo
recruit_character = IJA_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = IJA_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = IJA_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = IJA_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = IJA_kijuro_shidehara
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Yoshiko Kawashima"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_yoshiko_kawashima
		traits = {
		}
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = {
			JAP
		}
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Takeo Yoshikawa"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_takeo_yoshikawa
		traits = {
		}
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = {
			JAP
		}
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
### Carrier Variants
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Akagi Class"
	type = carrier_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
		carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
		ship_engine_upgrade = 2
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

### Battleship Variants	
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Ise Class"
	type = battleship_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		ship_engine_upgrade = 3
		ship_armor_upgrade = 1
		ship_gun_upgrade = 1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Nagato Class"
	type = battleship_1
	parent_version = 1
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
		ship_engine_upgrade = 4
		ship_armor_upgrade = 3
		ship_gun_upgrade = 4
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Myoko Class"
	type = heavy_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		ship_engine_upgrade = 2
		ship_armor_upgrade = 2
		ship_gun_upgrade = 3
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

### Light Cruiser Variants	
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Kuma Class"
	type = light_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		ship_engine_upgrade = 2
		ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Sendai Class"
	type = light_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 1
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		ship_engine_upgrade = 3
		ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

### Destroyer Variants
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Fubuki Class"
	type = destroyer_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
		ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
		ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
	}
}

### Submarine Variants	
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Kaidai III Class"
	type = submarine_1
	parent_version = 0
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
		sub_engine_upgrade = 3
		sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
		sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
	### Carrier Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akagi Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		#name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kaga Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		#name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Soryu Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_1
		#name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zuiho Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
		#name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hosho Class"
		#name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ryujo Class"
		#name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_carrier_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Battleship Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nagato Class"
		#name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kongo Class"
		#name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fuso/Ise Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		#name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Heavy Cruiser Variants			
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Myoko Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		#name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aoba Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chikuma Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Izumo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		#name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tone Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		#name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mogami Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		#name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Yubari Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		#name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sendai Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		#name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tenryu Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kuma/Nagara Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Okinoshima Class"		# cruiser minelayer
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mutsuki Class"		#collection of various WWI and early interwar ships with similiar capabilities
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Momi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fubuki Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Katsuriki Class"		# collection of interwar DD-sized minelayers
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	### Submarine Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kaidai III Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		#name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ro-26 Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "I-121 Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		#name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
}
