capital = 524
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.2

set_technology = {
	### Infantry ###
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1895.5.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	totalist = 2
	syndicalist = 4
	radical_socialist = 16
	social_democrat = 10
	social_liberal = 5
	market_liberal = 11
	social_conservative = 12
	authoritarian_democrat = 14
	paternal_autocrat = 23
	national_populist = 3
}

#Characters

#HOS
recruit_character = TAI_xie_xuehong
recruit_character = TAI_jiang_weishui
recruit_character = TAI_liao_wenkui
recruit_character = TAI_lin_xiantang
recruit_character = TAI_lin_xiongzheng

#SIC
recruit_character = TAI_jian_ji
recruit_character = TAI_cai_peihuo
recruit_character = TAI_liao_wenyi
recruit_character = TAI_chen_fengyuan
recruit_character = TAI_lan_gaochuan

#POL
recruit_character = TAI_chen_qichuan
recruit_character = TAI_chen_xin
recruit_character = TAI_chen_zhixong
recruit_character = TAI_du_congming
recruit_character = TAI_li_weiguang
recruit_character = TAI_zhang_shenqie

#Military
recruit_character = TAI_huang_nanpeng
recruit_character = TAI_li_youbang
recruit_character = TAI_lan_jiajing
recruit_character = TAI_zhong_qianshun
recruit_character = TAI_wu_zhenwu
recruit_character = TAI_zhong_qiming
recruit_character = TAI_qin_jinchun
recruit_character = TAI_xu_qingqing

