capital = 813
oob = "VEN_1936"
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Base Latin American Tech
	basic_train = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		# Base Latin American Tech
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			# Base Latin American Tech
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_submarine = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = VEN_Elezar_Lopez_Contreras
recruit_character = VEN_general
#recruit_character = VEN_eleazar_lópez_contreras
recruit_character = VEN_juan_bautista_fuenmayor
recruit_character = VEN_luis_figueroa
recruit_character = VEN_patricio_franco
recruit_character = VEN_isaias_medina_angarita
recruit_character = VEN_humberto_santabria_villa
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_molina_talavayo
recruit_character = VEN_roberto_de_luca_varesano
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_garcia_mendoza
recruit_character = VEN_miguel_diaz_fraile
recruit_character = VEN_victor_sanchez_croes
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_casas_gonzalez
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_ramos_diaz
recruit_character = VEN_david_lopez_henriques
recruit_character = VEN_jose_polares_pavon
recruit_character = VEN_tomas_contreras_villalobos
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_delgado_chalbaud
recruit_character = VEN_manuel_diaz_rodriguez
recruit_character = VEN_romulo_gallegos_freire
recruit_character = VEN_isidoro_ruiz_tuerro
add_ideas = {
	agrarian_economy
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 80
	communism = 15
}
